so most of you will be familiar with the
multiple choice question in the
listening we're going to dis review this
and we're going to do two practices so
let's get started so what do you have to
do with the multiple-choice listening
you're going to be given questions we
use a list of answers usually three
choices and you have to choose the
correct one and this is what your
multiple choice looks like so here's
your question
and here your multiple answers of which
you have to choose either a B or C and
in your answer on your answer sheet you
just need to write the letter of the
answer so the method for this the first
thing you want to do is focus on the
question and then identify the key words
in the question so these are important
words that when you hear them you're in
the audio you will know that your answer
is coming now always be careful with few
words that you also listen out for seven
is the words of the same Union then
you're going to look at your answer
options now with the answer options
sometimes in the audio recording they'll
actually mention all three answer
options just to confuse you a little bit
but only one of them will be incorrect
so let's put that method into practice
with question number one focus on the
question so this one how long does
Loosli need at least four then we want
to identify the key words so long and at
least so how long we know is going to be
time and least we're listening out for
this word and we should think about a
synonym for least so these can also mean
rent because they may not use the exact
word then we want to look at our answer
options we have six months 12 months and
18 months now
let's repeat those steps to be remaining
questions the question - how much rent
can lose the afford to pay the key words
here are rent afford and pay and the
answer options are under 300 over 300 or
around 400 question 3 what amenity does
listing particularly need and here we're
looking at amenity and need access to
public transport access to local shops
or laundry facilities question 4 Lucy
must pay a deposit all and the key word
here is deposit is 100 percent deposit
50 percent deposit or 0 percent and
finally question 5 which payment method
did Lucy choose so the key word here is
payment method and the answers are beg
transfer credit card or check so now
that we've had a look at all of these
questions identified the keywords and
looked at our answer options we're ready
to listen and choose our answer so I'm
going to play the audio for you now and
you can type in your answers I do here
than this again hello welcome to risk
real estate how may I help you oh okay
you can only that okay great okay good
then get started hello and welcome to
risk real estate how may I help you
oh hello my name is Lucy I'm calling to
inquire about some flats you have for
rent
yes which ones are you interested in I
surf you on your website and I'm
interested in the one in camber field
and the one in West Raven but I could
see the leases are for 6 months and 18
months and I will be here for a year
I'll need a year-long lease would that
be possible
not for either of those properties I'm
afraid but I do have one close to Wes
Craven that could interest you it's $400
a week oh that's a bit over my budget
I'm actually looking to pay about half
that well I have one in blank town that
is in your price range okay can you tell
me about it
so it's close to public transport is
walking distance from local shops and
also has a laundromat on-site oh great I
have a car but I particularly want to be
Coast for shot how many bedrooms is it
it's a studio apartment so that price it
would be hard to find something bigger
that's fine I only need a small place
can I go and see it sure I can show you
it tomorrow afternoon now just letting
you know that it needs a full deposit of
a total month's rent okay yeah I can
manage that great we do have a few
payment methods if you're happy with the
place tomorrow you can make the deposit
by credit card check or bank transfer um
I think bank transfer would be easiest
actually no credit card would be better
for me okay great well I'll see you at
the site at 4:00 p.m. tomorrow I'll
email you the address I see then okay
let's have a look so all your answers
have come through let's check them so
we've got B a B a and B all right let's
check the feedback question number one I
think yo got that one right how long has
this is new the leaves fall and she said
I'll be here for a year so I'll need a
year-long lease so year-long lease is
the same as 12 months so the answer is B
number two AB Dulce can afford to pay
under 300 okay the agent told her that
the range is 400 a week
she said that's a bit over my budget I'm
actually looking to pay about half
that so half of 400 is under 300 so
there's our answer
number three is the access to local
shops so although mark mentioned all of
the answers Lucy was particularly and
interested in being close to the shop
this diverse peterpanda 100% man tells
her it needs a full deposit of a total
month rent so that one hundred percent
deposit now this last one which bank
payment method - Lucy - she actually
chose credit cards she said I think they
transfer would be easiest actually no
credit card would be better for me so
that was a trick and I have loved to
play tricks so be careful of them so
let's talk about a few tips you might
hear all of the answer options mentioned
so listen carefully for which one is the
correct answer
for example Lucy says I could see the
leases are for six months and 18 months
is over here for a year only a year-long
lease so when she said six months and 18
months then you know that okay your
answer is coming it's going to be one of
those key options and then she says
thank you you may use synonyms rather
than than the same words in the question
so for example the question said we how
long at least is Lucy and me and then
she says rent okay so you won't always
hear the same one you might use cheer
similar words number three this is
relating to the last question always
anticipated distracted destructors are
when the speaker gives you what you
think is the answer but then changes
their mind okay so it distracts you from
the real answer and here was an example
I think bank account would be easiest so
many of us would think
bacon counted my answer but then she
actually said no credit card would be
better for me and she changed her month
so whenever you think you have the
answer just keep listening to be sure
that it's not a distractor okay let's
try the next one
[Music]
here are your questions I'm going to
give you a few moments to read the
question
think of the key word and check your arm
having a look at the absence okay one
minutes event
[Music]
okay I'll start the audio according to a
major global study vitamin D was found
to protect against acute respiratory
infections including colds and flu the
study provides the most robust evidence
yet that vitamin D has benefits beyond
bone and muscle health and could have
major implications for public health
policy the results published analyzed
data from around 11,000 participants in
25 clinical trials conducted in 14
countries individually these trials
yielded conflicting results with some
reporting the vitamin D protected
against respiratory infections and
others showing no effect this major
collaborative research effort has
yielded the first definitive evidence
but this Mindi really does protect
against respiratory infections analysis
of the data addresses the question of
why vitamin D worked in some trials but
not in others it was found that the
protective effects of vitamin D
supplementation are strongest in those
who have the lowest vitamin D levels and
when supplementation is given daily or
weekly rather than in more widely spaced
doses vitamin D that sunshine vitamin is
thought to protect against respiratory
infections by boosting levels of natural
antibiotic like substances in the lungs
results of the study fit with the
observation that colds and flu are
communist in winter and spring when
levels of vitamin D are at their lowest
they may also explain why vitamin D
protects against asthma attacks which
are commonly triggered by respiratory
viruses daily or weekly supplementation
halves the risk of acute respiratory
infection in people with the lowest
vitamin D levels however people with
higher vitamin D levels also benefited
although the effect was more modest
overall the reduction in risk of acute
respiratory infection induced by vitamin
D was on a par with a protective effect
of injectable flu vaccine acute
respiratory infections such as cold and
flu are the communist reasons for GP
consultations and days off work vitamin
D supplementation is safe and
inexpensive so reductions in a Q
respiratory infections brought about by
vitamin D supplementation could be
highly cost-effective okay so I'm just
tricking your answers garden is a bit of
a discrepancy our or inconsistency
between your answers so how about we
listen one more time go back and check
your answers okay we'll have another go
according to a major global study
vitamin D was found to protect against
acute respiratory infections including
colds and flu the study provides the
most robust evidence yet that vitamin D
has benefits beyond bone and muscle
health and could have major implications
for Public Health Policy the results
published analyzed data from around
11,000 participants in 25 clinical
trials conducted in 14 countries
individually these trials yielded
conflicting results with some reporting
that vitamin D protected against
respiratory infections and others
showing no effects this major
collaborative research effort has
yielded the first definitive evidence
that vitamin D really does protect
against respiratory infections analysis
of the data addresses the question of
why vitamin D worked in some trials but
not in others it was found that the
protective effects of vitamin D
supplementation are strongest in those
who have the lowest vitamin D levels and
when supplementation is given daily or
weekly rather than in more widely spaced
doses bitumen D the sunshine vitamin is
thought to protect against respiratory
infections by boosting levels of natural
antibiotic like substances in the lungs
results of the study fit with the
observation that colds and flu a
communist in winter and spring when
levels of vitamin D are at their lowest
they may also explain why vitamin D
protects against asthma attacks which
are commonly triggered by respiratory
viruses daily or weekly supplementation
halves the risk of acute respiratory
infection in people with the lowest
vitamin D levels however people with
higher BISM in deal
also benefited although the effect was
all modest overall the reduction in risk
of acute respiratory infection induced
by vitamin D was on a par with a
protective effect of injectable flu
vaccine acute respiratory infections
such as cold and flu are the communist
reasons for GP consultations and days
off work vitamin D supplementation is
safe and inexpensive so reductions in
acute respiratory infections brought
about by vitamin D supplementation could
be highly cost effective okay so what I
think the horn is distancing with your
answers this time good so let's check we
have c b a c and b let's check them the
surfing the speaker says is amateur
major global study has found that
vitamin D protects against cold and flu
vitamin D supplements protect against
acute respiratory infection
so respiratory section without answer ok
better mention anything about all
genuine disease and they don't mention
anything about bacterial infection
question number two the speaker actually
mentioned all those numbers the results
published analyzed data around 11,000
participants in 25 clinical trials
conducted in 14 country says V is answer
vitamin D the sunshine vitamin is
thought to protect against respiratory
infections the vitamin D is known n the
sunshine vitamin number 4 result of the
study
fits with the observation that cold and
flu are commonest in winter and spring
when vitamin levels are sorry when the
levels of vitamin D are at their lowest
that corresponds with our question
vitamin D levels are at their lowest in
winter and spring
and then finally what is the most common
reason for dr. today the speaker says
acute respiratory infections such as
call them through are the commonest
reasons for GP consultation so GP means
general practitioner basically doctor
and consultation means visit so you can
see here that they use synonyms and the
most common reason for that is called
it's true okay do you have any questions
about this particular listening or any
questions about the multiple choice
you'll notice that in the audio that you
have the stick is to determine see and I
say vitamin D servitude by the vitamin
it's just a measure of accent so this
feature has a British accent
indeterminate very British and
Australians and Americans tend to sing
platinum so useful to none any other any
questions
so you'll see guys that sometimes you
won't always know the meaning to some of
these words so however you you don't
know the meaning or happen to come
across autoimmunity respiratory
infection for this word respiratory you
don't have to know the meanings of the
words you just have to be able to
understand that when you're here you
know that when you hear the answer to
recognize the answer okay so the speaker
linked vitamin D with respiratory
infections and didn't mention anything
about these two so even if you don't
know what respiratory infections are you
were still able to identify that as the
answer okay which yes some and all the
answers will be inlined er all the
answers will appear as you research in
order so as the speakers speak the P
will follow the order of the question
now this for for listening is the same
for academic and for general til there
is no difference the first listening
that we looked at with Lucy and the
renting that probably would have come
from part two of the listening test this
one that we just looked at would come
from part four of the listening test so
what happens is the first audio is quite
easy the second one is quite easy the
third one gets more difficult and the
fourth one is the most difficult so here
I showed you two examples one easy one
and one more difficult one okay if you
such a score about eight and how many do
you alright you're welcome now if you
missed an answer okay oh you you lose
your place just don't freak out
just keep listening and move on because
as I said before that the speaker
mentions the answers in the same order
that you see them so if you get stuck on
a question and try to figure it out you
could be listed then you're going to
miss the following question and the
following question so you need to just
let it go and move on and then when the
listening is finished you might be able
to go back and see if you can guess the
answer based on the information that you
heard yeah so what happens in the M in
the active listening test is they have
speakers of the ceiling well there's the
Australian test centers anyway they have
speakers in the ceiling and usually it's
quite loud quite clear you won't have
any issues hearing tearing the audio
it's all done you know very
professionally so there won't be any
sound issues like mine sorry about that
okay guys well done I will see you next
time
[Music]